Located in the southwest Pacific Ocean, New Caledonia is the third largest island in the Pacific. Offering one beautiful beach after another, immerse yourself in crystal clear turquoise lagoons and vast open spaces.

The capital, Nouméa is a little piece of France in the Pacific, with its French Riviera atmosphere and its luxury boutiques. With an abundance of mixed cultural influences, New Caledonia blends together heritage, entertainment and leisure activities.

Grande Terre, the main island boasts rugged mountains, waters and the world’s largest coral lagoon, nearby lies, Île des Pins, with slender pines, white sand beaches and an emerald lagoon. New Caledonia is surrounded by the world’s largest enclosed lagoon, where you will find a multitude of sea animals, canyons, caves and coral just waiting to be explored.

For the avid sailor, the trade winds will carry you on an adventure to deserted islands, for some exotic solitude. Other activities include, water sports, diving, hiking, fishing, golfing, and hunting.

The climate is temperate with two main seasons, the cooler season is June to August and warmer is mid-November to mid-April. During the cooler season, it is around 15°C (59°F) at night and around 24°C (73°F) during the day. During the warmer season the maximum temperatures are between 26°C (79°C) and 30°C (86°F).

New Caledonia is a hotspot of global biodiversity. Nowhere else on the planet, will you find an area as small with as many species. Detached, about 60 million years ago, from the supercontinent of Gondwana, which included Australia and even Antarctica, New Caledonia was similar to a Noah's ark carrying part of the vegetation and elements of fauna of that period. This explains the unique endemic flora of New Caledonia and the endemism of some of its fauna. Do not leave without exploring all these amazing gardens!

Caledonian fauna is particularly unique and above all friendly. Species are sometimes surprising but never dangerous to humans. Some 2,535 species are currently listed in New Caledonia, of which 300 are endemic.

Visiting New Caledonia, and discovering its abundant nature, is like having the privilege of going back in time millions of years when man did not exist and when the dinosaurs dominated the world.

Here in particular you can still find: Amborella the oldest plants on the planet going back 130 million years.

Visit New Caledonia Tourism Site